unbelievable but true that's the only
way to describe what happened in
Bangalore this evening a chopper landed
on top of an apartment building in the
city the building a multi-story
residential complex was in fact packed
with residents when it happened the
chopper was brought down on the terrace
by the pilots following an emergency on
board
pilots are safe in fact we're told they
simply walked out everyone in the
building is soil see if you're in
Bangalore and wondering just where this
happened where we just put that on the
map for you that's where it took place
in Bangalore GM Paulo being you know
where it has taken place well the image
is of course being the defining images
of the day those are the visuals lots of
people in the city curious on here you
got a chopper had actually landed
they're arriving to take a look at just
what the first
technical problem in the engine there so
in order to make a safe landing they
have landed on the top of this for both
pilot and the trainee pilot they have
not sustain any injuries they are they
have already been anyway sent to the
hospital for medical checkup helicopter
has sustained a minor damage a few note
that rotor blades are damaged the hol
authorities have come here and they
security officers are here also file for
system local police are here and the
consult officers have already contacted
the DGC a division of simulation in
aviation hater Hyderabad after their
offices they if they come once they come
here and inspect the site and the
helicopter they will take the from the
addition to ship this I just heard some
sound and I got a call from my husband
that this thing has happened a chopper
has crashed on the adjacent building so
we came out to sea and then then I saw
ambulance is coming you know police
coming traffic police coming whole I
guess it was 4:45 by the time I came out
it was five o'clock what is happening
everybody tell me that you go downstairs
some help called out but a sound is your
ho gayi taking a helicopter hemara
Terrace pegida the vanilla cake Yuki Jo
guys and of course so many of viewers
and people in Bangalore tweeting let us
take a look at what some of you are
saying helicopter makes an emergency
landing on a Bangalow apartment rooftop
can the apartment owners charge a
landing free Ravi rise to say chopper an
apartment building Bangalore parking
problems taken to new heights is another
one saying that the stuff it has landed
in best parking skills award for this
year isn't that so
well for those of you wondering is what
the fuss is about a quick look at just
what's happened today you're seeing
images of building on which the chopper
landed there is the chopper and
miraculously no injuries both pilots in
fact just simply walking out walking
away from the chopper no injuries on the
ground either or rather on the terrace
either this was a residential complex
and everyone is safe
do you have the NDTV profit app all the
markets all the news and your own
homemade ready-made portfolio available
there for you we will right now answer
what you should sell what you should buy
when markets are down downloaded in DTV
profit comm / apps
get the best stuff from the channel you
trust